today i'm going to explain a drama
thriller film called hard candy spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
14 year old haley stark is a pretty and
smart girl who loves reading zadie
smith's novels she meets 32 year old
photographer jeff culver through chat
and the two immediately hit off they
always send flirty messages to each
other and one day hayley finally decides
that they should hook up though jeff is
surprised he still asks where they
should meet haley replies that she'll
ask her sister to drop her off at a
coffee shop called the nighthawks haley
gets there first and jeff arrives while
she's eating cake he sees the chocolate
icing on her lips so jeff casually
removes it with his thumb before licking
the icing off haley then tells him that
he doesn't look like the kind of guy who
has to meet girls on the internet to
which jeff disagrees he thinks it's
better to meet people online first as it
lets you get to know them on the inside
since he's a photographer jeff learned
that people's faces lie this intrigues
hayley and she asks him if her face lies
to this he teasingly replies that all he
sees is a girl who loves reading zadie
smith and loves listening to coldplay
and john mayer he then adds that she is
a girl in desperate need of chocolate
amused hayley chuckles and agrees before
ordering more chocolate along with a
decaf latte as they sit and continue
their conversation a poster on the wall
shows a missing girl about an hour jeff
then asks what's in her bag and she says
that she brought books to read just in
case he stood her up she continues
talking about the books she likes to
read then jeff asks her if guys hit on
her in school haley smiles and asks him
if he's jealous but he retorts that he's
just admiring her he comments about how
haley looks and acts older for her age
making her smile whiter
jeff admits that he wasn't expecting
someone as impressive as her and haley
replies in kind as their little date is
about to end jeff buys her a shirt from
the shop saying haley should model it
for him they then talk about the gold
frapp concert with jeff saying he was
there making hayley jealous when asked
if the show was good jeff tells haley
that he's got a bootleg mp3 of one of
the songs from the concert though she
wants to listen to it now jeff insists
that he'll just send it to her since he
can't just take her to his house however
after a few more persuasion and flirting
jeff agrees to take her home at his
house jeff offers haley some water but
she refuses to drink worried that
there's something in it instead she
volunteers to make a screwdriver for
them while making the drink she asks why
his model's pictures are on his walls
instead of magazines the charming
photographer replies that his house is
his studio so it's important to him that
his clients see his giant portfolio once
they walk into his home
haley is surprised that the photos were
taken in the house so jeff shows her
where he takes the pictures
inside the studio they continue talking
about jeff's clients then haley offers
to make some more drinks they head to
the kitchen and jeff assumes that
hayley's wondering how many of his
models he slept with when she confirms
it he says none of course she doesn't
believe him but jeff informs her that
most of them were underage and that he'd
be arrested if they did sleep together
not entirely convinced she inquires as
to why he wasn't arrested for
photographing them like that after all
his young models look seductive in his
photos but jeff assures her he's aware
of the legal boundaries
finally he admits to sleeping with one
of them when they were younger and when
hayley questions if she's one of the
girls on the walls jeff replies no
without invitation hayley goes to jeff's
bedroom where she finds more than one
photo of a girl on the wall jeff tells
her that the girl's name is janelle and
hayley sees the date march 19th at the
back of the photo haley assumes that
janelle was jeff's girlfriend and he
says she's right adding that he's
learned everything he knew from
practicing on her
haley then asks where janelle is and
jeff tells her that she had signed with
ford after that photo shoot
suddenly haley says that she recognizes
janelle from the magazines then remarks
that he still loves janelle however jeff
denies it saying he only loves how
simple things were back then and he
doesn't want to forget that but beyond
that they've moved on the two sit down
and hayley observes he must be lonely
but he tells her that he's not to
lighten up the mood she asks him to take
photos of her but he's reluctant saying
taking pictures of girls means they have
to open up
jeff keeps pausing while speaking as if
he's feeling ill but he tells hayley
he's fine when she asked
after finally agreeing to take photos of
her jeff invites haley to his studio
ignoring his invitation she goes to the
living area puts a cd in the player then
asks him to shoot her there loud music
starts playing and hayley begins to
dance and strip off her clothes while
standing on the couch
jeff starts feeling dizzy and tells her
to stop the music but he starts taking
her pictures anyway haley teases jeff
with her poses and as she continues
dancing on the couch jeff tells her to
listen to him when she ignores him jeff
gets pissed and shouts ordering her to
sit down he then staggers saying he
doesn't feel good before finally losing
consciousness jeff wakes up in a dizzy
haze bound to an office chair when haley
shows up she confesses to drugging him
thinking that hayley tied him for fun he
asks why he's tied up and with a serious
tone hayley tells him that playtime's
over she lets jeff know that this isn't
a joke and when he demands her to let
him go she only tells him to be patient
haley leaves to check something and when
she returned jeff asks her what she's
doing she returns the question demanding
to know why he lives in a house filled
with photographs of half-naked teenage
girls jeff screams for help as she
speaks so she sprays something into his
mouth saying no one will hear him she
says she waited exactly for that day
making sure that his neighbors are away
haley warns him to keep quiet or she'll
spray bleach into his mouth next
shocked jeff accuses her of stalking him
but she says he's the one stalking her
she reveals that she went to different
chat rooms using various nicknames and
that he talked to all of them but
dropped them as soon as he found out
that they weren't as young as her she
also states that he'd always seemed so
knowledgeable about every band or singer
she'd mention but he also took a while
to reply probably because he had to look
them up
still left with the belief that haley's
playing around jeff promises that he
only wanted to impress her that doesn't
mean that he deserves to be tied up and
tortured surprised by his choice of
words haley retorts that what she's
doing to him is nothing
haley sits on the couch and then mocks
jeff for doing extensive research about
her even though he knows she's only 14
but jeff insists that he's a decent guy
and tells her that she can ask his
models about him however haley
sarcastically replies that those girls
were his work while she was his play
jeff is quick to defend himself claiming
that haley is coming on to him haley
only scoffs at this telling him that
that's what all degenerates like him say
and that they always put the blame on
the kid haley admonishes him and since
he's the adult he should ignore a kid
when she says something flirty instead
of encouraging it jeff then replies that
he's been lonely which makes him stupid
but he maintains that he's not into kids
he swears that this is all a horrible
mistake before demanding her to untie
him again his reasoning only makes her
mad and hailey says she'll call a cab
for herself once she's ready to go
she'll call another one to let him lose
two only she isn't sure when that will
be
haley takes jeff to his bedroom and goes
through all his drawers looking for
anything that will tell her what kind of
a child loving to generate he is
jeff repeats that he's not a degenerate
then instructs her to open a drawer in
the living room where she'll find prince
of his work for different environmental
groups haley only mocks him again saying
just because he loves nature doesn't
make him a nice guy she also accuses him
of being an assaulter and hurting
someone but he insists that he's never
done that as they argue haley finds
letters in jeff's drawers and when he
protests that those are his she ignores
him haley reads jeff's letters saying
he's lied when he said he didn't love
janelle anymore jeff argues that he
thought about selling them on ebay but
hayley doesn't believe him eventually
jeff tells her the truth about how he
considered sending them to janelle to
remind her how despicable she was when
asked if janelle broke his heart jeff
only evades the question after a few
more questions about his ex-girlfriend
haley goes through his computer and
learns that jeff has pulled off photos
from the net but she can't find them so
haley asks him where the hiding place is
but jeff promises he doesn't have one
haley notes that she searched the house
and hasn't found a single vulgar
material yet still she realizes that
maybe those pictures of teenage girls on
his walls are his vulgar materials
before concluding that he's probably
hiding something more indecent
as if she's running out of time hayley
starts going through his filing cabinet
and looking under his bed only to find a
gun in a small box she tosses the gun on
the bed and continues her search in the
living room while jeff tries his
damnedest to break free haley removes
the photos from the walls looks under
the couch and still nothing before jeff
could break free hayley finds a safe
haley asks jeff for the coat but he is
determined not to give it to her she
contends that she'll figure it out so he
might as well just tell her but jeff
keeps his lip sealed when asked if her
parents won't worry about her being late
for dinner haley says that they won't be
that's when jeff deduces that since her
parents are too busy to keep track of
her she reaches out to someone else
who'd care thinking he might be able to
trick hayley with his honeyed words he
says that maybe she's mad at her parents
for ignoring her haley only listens to
him and as jeff continues talking he
promises that they can talk about her
problems and he'll even call a cab for
her getting emotional haley walks up to
him and asks him if he won't be angry at
her and he says he won't be to jeff's
surprise and embarrassment haley only
starts laughing asking him if he
actually believed the trick would work
on her she sarcastically praises him for
being good at what he does like putting
teenage girls at ease so they would tell
him their secrets jeff tries to deny
this but again haley only ignores him
haley takes jeff back to the living room
where the safe is and after a few failed
attempts she's able to open the safe
using the date at the back of janelle's
photo saying that might be the year they
first slept together inside are pictures
of a girl that make haley thoughtful
saying federal laws are made for those
kinds of photos haley continues looking
at them while jeff watches and a lone
tear runs down his eye she asks him
what's so special about the girl in the
picture before squatting in front of him
saying that she recognizes her suddenly
jeff kicks her and she hits her head on
the table with haley sprawling on the
floor jeff slides his chair away from
her he goes to his bedroom and despite
being bound he manages to dive on the
bed and get the gun before returning to
the living area only to find hayley
missing he searches for her with a gun
still in hand but haley attacks him from
behind then suffocates him with a
plastic wrap jeff struggles and tries to
slide his chair backward to pin her
against the closet but he ends up losing
consciousness upset about their fight
hayley screams and repeatedly hits her
back against the wall when jeff wakes up
he is bound to a steel table with no
pants on and a pack of ice on his
private parts haley starts interrogating
him asking why he has a picture of donna
maurer in his safe and if he's seen her
so jeff admits to meeting her for coffee
he stresses that he took a picture of
her outside the coffee shop but he never
brought her home
doubtful she says he could have thrown
her photo away but he chose to hold on
to it instead haley teases that he has
something to hide but jeff tells her
that even though he's crossed a line
he's not the monster she thinks he is
jeff then tells haley to call the cops
saying he'll turn himself in but hayley
only ridicules him saying that he's just
sick and has an addiction tired of
arguing with haley jeff asks her what
the ice is for and she reveals that she
plans to castrate him as she is about to
shave his privates jeff struggles
forcing hayley to stop saying that he's
not numb enough yet trying to get out of
his predicament jeff tells hayley that
once she cuts him she'll never forget it
he claims that hurting a person changes
someone and that it will change her he
also adds that the things she'll do will
someday haunt her but unfortunately for
him his sweet talking doesn't work on
haley
as haley prepares to castrate him jeff
screams for help making haley spray
bleach into his mouth
she warns him to stop moving before
starting to shave the area around his
private parts jeff panics so he bribes
her with money and anything that she
might want to take like his camera
equipment unmoved hayley firmly tells
him there's no way of talking her out of
it she then uses vodka to sterilize him
and when she notices that he's still not
numb enough she puts the ice pack back
on him and leaves
while haley is away jeff tries to reach
the phone on the table but haley comes
back before he could do it he asks her
to just kill him but haley tells him
that's not what she wants then haley
sets up the camera and connects it to
the television so jeff can watch
still in his campaign to earn the
hard-boiled girl's sympathy jeff starts
babbling about the time he stayed with
his aunt denise's family he says he was
about nine at the time and she had a
young daughter who was about four or
five she loved to get out of the bathtub
naked jump on top of jeff and tickle him
one day his aunt walked in on them and
she got mad so he took jeff to the
kitchen there she turned on the stove
and as the burner got hot she pulled
down his pants and lifted him over the
burner however hayley isn't swayed by
the story and continues to prepare for
the castration jeff begs her to stop
then asks her to call the cop so he can
confess to whatever she wants him to
haley stays determined to castrate jeff
so he cries as he offers to do whatever
she wants him to haley proceeds with the
castration anyway and tells jeff that
his sob story doesn't explain why he's
the way he is as she castrates him haley
describes every step she makes to him
which she read from the book she's
brought to make him feel worse once
she's done haley shows him his castrated
private parts and asks what he wants to
do with them when jeff doesn't reply she
throws them in the grinder in the sink
their conversation goes back to donna
and he still insists that he didn't do
anything to her haley suggests that jeff
should find the person responsible then
warns him ominously that he has no idea
what's coming to him giving him a
breather hayley tells him that she'll
just take a shower and when he threatens
her that he will find her haley reminds
him not to make threats while still tied
down haley adds that the easiest thing
for her to do would be to kill him but
as she's already mentioned earlier
that's not what she wants
jeff painfully manages to untie his
hands and as he gets up he is relieved
to see that he isn't castrated after all
the video playing on the television is
just a vhs of castration procedures jeff
is about to call 9-1-1 but decides not
to and instead picks up a scalpel before
looking for hayley jeff goes to the
bathroom opens the shower curtain only
to find it empty haley then appears from
behind and pushes him into the bathtub
before tasting him making him lose
consciousness once more
after all that haley starts cleaning the
house carefully wiping her fingerprints
off of everything she suddenly sees jeff
crawling in the hallway so she tastes
him again haley then writes a suicide
note on jeff's laptop before posing as a
police officer to call janelle she asked
janelle to come to jeff's house
immediately saying there's been an
accident jeff is bound once more when he
regains consciousness standing on a
chair with a noose around his neck haley
then removes the rope supporting his
body while was passed out and with that
he starts to feel the pressure of the
noose around his neck
jeff calls hayley insane and while they
talk someone rings the doorbell jeff
screams but haley immediately gags him
when haley opens the door it's just one
of jeff's neighbors selling cookies with
no cash hayley gets back inside to get
money from jeff's pocket before paying
for them
when the neighbor is gone hayley asks
jeff to commit suicide by hanging and in
exchange she won't expose him for
killing donna maurer again jeff denies
killing donna as haley steps closer to
him jeff lifts his legs over her
shoulders using her to support his
weight to get a chance to stand on the
table haley rushes outside while jeff
removes the noose around his neck and
unties himself using a knife jeff goes
after hayley not knowing that she has
circled back to the house to get the
noose after leaving a clue on the ground
jeff finally finds haley on the rooftop
using jeff's gun hayley orders him to
get rid of the knife and put the news
back around his neck there she reveals
that she called janelle earlier and that
she's on his way to his house haley
threatens him that if he doesn't kill
himself she'll remove her clothes and
run into janelle's arms after that
janelle will see all the evidence of his
involvement in donna maurer's
disappearance for the last time jeff
insists that he didn't kill donna but he
admits to watching another man who did
jeff desperately offers to tell her his
name but haley admits that she already
knows aaron according to her aaron
claimed that it was jeff who did it
before he killed himself meanwhile
janelle searches for jeff downstairs
defeated jeff lets haley put the news
back around his neck he walks over to
the edge and looks back at haley one
last time who assures him that she'll
take care of all the evidence against
him the cops start showing up and at
last jeff jumps off the roof with jeff
dying before her haley reveals that she
really has no intention of getting rid
of the evidence of jeff's involvement in
donna's disappearance
finally haley gathers her belongings and
escapes through the woods
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching